And everyone will come back to this tutorial for magic tricks for an intuition coding part.
So in the last reel we went through magic tricks for intuition, and now we want to call it out.
So basically we just have to the main part of it is to have you the power in it and.
Yeah.
So before that, let me tell you some good problems.
I think so it is CQ.
This is a problem called on spot.
You can try this problem after this particular tutorial and there's another SBP.
You can also go one spot to solve these two problems after this and get your hands on magic differentiation.
Cool.
So firstly, yeah.
So here we had.
Normal code I've just taken in this wrong room because we'll be using my card again and again.
Because, guys, very easy thing.
You'll notice that if I want to find out Fibonacci number of that bigger heights of that some F of 20
divided by eight so its value will be huge.
I can't even imagine that.
Huge.
So what I'll do is I'll just take some more data.
Let's take a 29 by seven rule and let's find out if you've been taking them with so.
What in the end, I mean, let's say I have and and let's call it in Italy.
Right.
It's I want to find out why.
What is the fifth Fibonacci number?
So I'll just pick out and highlight a function or method which will give me that.
And it's free when I get it.
So int fib.
And and will come away, then it's proven that you never will.
So how do I call this?
How do I make a matrix?
So as I said, I'll be using a very special method, which is a structure in structure as we don't have
to.
We won't be worried about passing on.
Different to the ads and other stuff you hate.
What I do is.
A very simple.
Firstly, I just dig a matrix.
So instead of all matrix, let's take em and let's give it let's give it a constant size pool.
So constant size is to initially rate.
Because for according this fight that is.
We're going to keep our trade.
We we need to grow mattresses.
And this is our two crosswind metrics.
So here you realize one thing that we don't need metrics.
We don't need F and plus one metrics.
We just need to use metrics and we'll find you to the power and minus two.
And when I have to do it in minus two after this, I just need to multiply that by one one.
But does this mean that if I take this first two terms and add them of D, that will be equal to if
I multiply the first two with one one and get an eight.
So I'm not like coding F in metrics and F and growth because we don't need it.
We just want the matrix and it's about eight.
So here I just take a structure matrix, so you will easily see that.
Why is it being so useful to us by taking this?
But she's being very useful to us right after this.
Let's write the constructor metrics.
And what it will do is it will just simply said this to zero.
It will set all the times to zero.
Well, after this, let's write a matter which will return, which will convert the matrix to an identity
form.
Where what is an identity matrix?
It is 111 under diagonals.
So let's write a function called identity.
We need this identity.
I've already explained this to you.
Why do we need identity?
Because instead of resulting in multiplication was one in.
In addition is zero.
So it is an identity element in metrics.
It should be an identity matrix.
Data are from I will go from zero to size.
And what I do here is I move these.
Face is equal to one.
I just in there diagonally I will put all.
Once this is an identity matrix eight.
And now let's go to the last part of this structure matrix.
And the most important part that is I want to multiply two matrices eight.
So how do I multiply two matrices if.
If you if not if you have not heard about what we going to.
Operate overloading.
Just go and check it out.
It's a it's a very, very nice tone way, like how to overload an operator.
But I redefining this that if I use a multiplication anywhere, then this particular function will be
called.
This is called an operator overloading eight.
I simply pass a matrix to it eight and what I'll do is I'll simply now nothing if I see matrix.
Okay, let me give you an example.
If I say Matrix are just going to matricide and I save R is equals to are into let's thinking of the
matrix.
Q I didn't do.
Q That means or this matrix odd this operator is defined that is a multiplication operator.
After this this Q metrics will be parsed as an argument to the function of.
That means our method will be called where it will be.
Partisan metrics are different metrics as an argument.
Now what I need to do is I need to multiply.
These two get these two mattresses.
That means A has been passed to the.
Argument two The method is an argument and I have to just multiply them.
I don't have to do much part here now.
So what?
I simply say I just take a matrix.
Let's call it resilient.
Cool.
So how do I multiply two mattresses into a third mattress?
If this is a matrix E This is a matrix B I get to see matrix because both this matrix out of two grows
to who grows to two grows two will give me two.
Grows to eight.
If I.
A b.
C.
D d e.
F d.
What is this?
It is.
He goes to the first row multiplied by first column.
Right.
So matrix multiplication is actually and this will be actually size cube algorithm, right.
Because we will be using triple for loops here by triple follows because you fill one location of this
matrix to fill one location of this matrix, I need to go for the rows and for all the columns of both
the matrices, it's in the three eight.
So let's do this then.
So let's go from I0 to.
Sighs.
And then let's go from 0 to 40.
So I'm not.
I'm just not doing anything.
Not.
Not a big deal.
No, I'm not doing a big deal over there.
Right.
It's a very simple thing.
I'm just multiplying two matrices.
The first matrix is this.
That is my all matrix that this I've already been taking matrix of is and passing to it as an argument.
And the third matrices inserted in which I'm storing.
Okay.
So this is a metric that I've written.
Before all these locations of IED.
That means for all this resultant IED.
What I need to do is I need to simply.
Have one more variable key.
Eight.
And what will Discovery will do?
Simple.
Before returning to E.J..
It will be plus equals to.
M.
I hear that means chaos going.
That means ice constant for the first metrics for this metric, the ice constant and Kia's going one
by one.
I had for all the columns and for the second metrics, what I'll do is simple.
It will be equal to eight dot m.
That means is metrics 88. m it.
Right.
Well, the second matrix, the column is constant and we are simply moving down the row.
They're just a normal multiplication.
In addition, and after this word, what we need to do is in.
But these are they're now using what we just ignored by to do by name but seven so that the values doesn't
exceed that limit and finally return the result in Maddox which will be stored in R well this is a normal
matrix, multiplication gates, normal medical reactions.
You can easily see that it has become so easy right now.
If you would be writing different methods and providing 2D arguments to it.
It won't take those arguments because they cannot be passed.
So it's really a very easy method.
Now you will easily see the similarity between the binary exponential cinematic exponential rate.
Now you will see it.
So initially what I'll do is I'll just take the resultant.
Metrics and what should be resurgent metrics?
Be It should be.
Identity metrics.
Case metrics would be identity because I have to multiply other metrics to it.
Now guys, let's take the metrics quality that we have defined over here.
Eight very steep metrics.
Yeah.
So I just have to initially hold all our zeros for t dart m00.
I have one e dart m at zero one, I have one.
And the dart m10.
I have one aim to add these three locations.
I have one in this matrix you can easily see.
Well, I just feel that the matrix.
And now what is the need?
The need is very simple.
If I want to find out.
And it's people taking them, but I have to find out due to the power and minus to it.
We have already discussed this part why in ministry is needed?
Because I have to multiply it by f of two.
Let's find out due to the power and minus eight.
So it's a breakdown.
And.
Okay.
So before these guys, let's make a case.
If an is less than equal to two, then what we'll do is we'll simply run one pool and the race will
simply separate then by two and do the normal exponential in you by land.
If and in one it means it's an odd number.
The return is equal to resulting in two.
88.
And easy goes to be in duty.
That is to you square the normal thing that we did and instead she goes to you guys.
You can easily see it has become so easy if I use the normal operator overloading, if I define a structure
matrix, isn't it very easy, guys, if you have recorded this or if you have tried this?
Gordon Just just compare your code with Michael Right?
And you will realize the differences after performing this value.
What I'll have is I'll have a property that I want.
I'll get you to the power in minus two in resultant will result in this progress to rate.
So I just have to add the first two times under tandem.
So what is I simply return resulting dot m00 plus are not m018.
And also I have to take mode.
Okay.
Never forget what?
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
But if not I, it will be.
I notices.
You just let me check for some.
So it is not that the ladies that are not m my word is there is a structured and in the letter.
Right.
So no errors.
So what is we going to give?
Five.
It is five.
As in the output.
It's.
Yeah.
The fifth dumbest fight.
So let's take for the system.
Then we'll excuse the complexity.
88 Great Bentham.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven eight 1955.
Great.
It's working perfectly.
Eight.
This is the normal exponential part we have discussed.
This is a matrix.
Right.
And.
Yeah.
So now it's their time to discuss the complexities.
So what is the complexity of this loop?
It is not often.
This is.
Log off and overall girlfriend.
And in this war it is happening.
Data matrix, multiplication functions being called place.
What is a time that a matrix is taking to be multiplied?
It is size into size into this ice cube.
What do you say there?
So it is basically Tokyo, which is eight in do log off and eight.
So.
Isn't it so?
Bonnie Raitt so that it is.
Yeah, it is.
IceCube in the off log and.
If any, later in the debate it becomes 64 into it.
It's not the complexity.
It's nothing.
Not even in three digits.
Right.
So, yeah.
So it's not even in four digits.
It's just less than a thousand.
So that's the beauty of metric six one intuition gates.
They've given you various examples of excellent intuition and by explaining how they can be done, how
they can be coded out.
So this is a complexity.
So here we cannot ignore size because for this example the size values for so it will be four cube in
the law of an.
It is a this size cannot be ignored and of course, goes after this.
I just want to broaden it go to these problems as you SVP and and the problem said it's called SBP too
because SBP records in sequence something and then is another thing it is we put some on spot to try
to if you wish to.
Well, I hope this record is very clear to you guys and the complexity of it is also very clear to you
guys.
So that's it in the next part.
Thank you.